local_var/dual_var, Pass
local_var/constant_initialiser, Pass
local_var/identity, Pass
local_var/return_constant, Pass
local_var/single_var, Pass
control_flow/if_else_false, Pass
control_flow/if_else_true, Pass
control_flow/if_false, Pass
control_flow/if_true, Pass
control_flow/sequence, Pass
control_flow/while_once, Pass
control_flow/while_multiple, Pass
control_flow/while_zero, Pass
default/test_ADD0, Pass
default/test_ADD1, Pass
default/test_LOCAL, Pass
default/test_RETURN, Pass
integer/add, Pass
integer/div, Pass
integer/equal, Pass
integer/less_than_equal, Pass
integer/bitwise_and, Pass
integer/bitwise_or, Pass
integer/bitwise_xor, Pass
integer/less_than, Pass
integer/logical_and, Pass
integer/logical_or, Pass
integer/mul, Pass
integer/sub, Pass
control_flow/for_one, Pass
control_flow/for_multiple, Pass
control_flow/for_zero_v1, Pass
control_flow/for_zero_v2, Pass
float/add, Pass
float/mul, Pass

